It's just my girlfriend. She's in critical condition
Risk of becoming a vegetable
I would like to ask you to help
Vegetative pair
What's the matter? I always thought you were weird.
I'm really not at ease
Do you really think I'm such an easy person to pass?
I beg you.
Now the whole of Jiangzhou
The entire Dragon Palace can't save others
If you don't want to go out either
I don't want anything to happen to him
I've already let go of the painting
I have retired from the medical profession
I'm not going to help him with this.
Don't come begging me
Lao Ding, I have come all the way to see you
我给你带来了礼物
You're a little too impersonal
Which foreign boy?
Is he
Yes he is
Master Wan of the Huaxin Chamber of Commerce who swept the whole of Jiangzhou
Don't you blame me for not leaving you good things?
Such a precious thing has been delivered to you.
Don't you accept it?
You try to buy me off with just a teapot
What have you done to me?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and lead the way